You made it. Let's take a look at my solution together to see
if there are any differences between yours and mine.
Here I have my main YAML,
the playbook file, super short, super clean.
I named it exercise.
I want it to actually run on my local host,
so I'm naming that directly without using an inventory file and I have a print role.
If I go down into this print role tasks,
I'll be able to see our role code,
which only has two of these plays in it.
One is to print the environment variable and the other is to
actually expose it from the Ansible command line,
which is usually invisible to us,
to our standard out.
That's pretty much it. How did you do?
Using the same skills you just learned and put to use in this exercise,
you can now control and configure countless machines reliably and consistently.
You've now got an army of remote control SSH robots at your command
and you know how to keep your playbook code clean and maintainable using roles.
This is a big step.
Let's move on to the next.